
-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Liberty Union Mtg. 5/10/15
Date: Mon, 11 May 2015 09:23:49 -0400
From: murray ngoima <murrayngoima@gmail.com>
To: catskillmarina@gmail.com

Hi Marina,

I am sorry that you were not able to travel to White River for the  
Liberty Union meeting yesterday (the first meeting I have been  
available to attend for months....). There were six of us--Peter,  
Doris, Mal, Ralph, Norman and I.

Peter brought up some proposals regarding the Liberty Union newspaper  
which we discussed and I was asked to send you the following for the  
consideration of the larger membership of Liberty Union.

1). That the name of the newspaper be changed from "Vermont Movement  
News" to "Movement". In connection with this, the January-February  
issue would be Vol. 2, No. 1, and the current issue would be Vol. 2,  
No. 2.

2). That "Movement" would be the official organ of the Liberty Union  
Party and would serve the purpose (which was the reason for restarting  
"Movement") of providing a physical/hard copy document, representing  
the party, to give to people.

3). That the content--posted comments and articles--of the Liberty  
Union website could become the primary content of the newspaper, with  
additional material such as 'from the editor's desk,' 'letters to the  
editor,' upcoming actions,' historical events' etc. as well as  
selected guest articles, included.

4). That the first article of the Liberty Union Party Platform be  
included in the masthead of "Movement":

"Government ought to move in the direction of assuring that the wealth  
and resources of the world will be used to provide a materially secure  
life for all simultaneously preserving the planet and its resources  
for future generations."

(This is the first article in essence, without the phrase regarding  
free, universal health care and education, shortened for impact--which  
the membership can also consider).

5). That the font of "Movement" be enlarged to provide easier  
readability and that care be taken in the use of language (versus  
jargon or academic terminology) in the interest of accessibility to  
the widest range of readership.

6). That, apropos the current national political context, Will  
Miller's "Bernie the Bomber's Bad Week" be serialized in  
"Movement." (serialized due to its length).


We discussed the matter of the website hosting, which Peter will talk  
with you about. The consensus at the meeting was that we will raise  
the money to pay the outstanding bill to the current host, then turn  
delegate the position to you.


We decided that the next meeting will be held June 14th at 1:00 p.m.  
(again) at the Upper Valley Food Coop Community Room, in White River  
Jct.

The agenda for the next meeting could include:
	1). Discussion of the "Movement" proposals.
	2). Presentation by Peter, with discussion to follow, of the Liberty  
Union 		Rules and possible amendments to these Rules.
	3). Town Committees. 15 Towns need to be organized for Liberty Union  
		Party to retain major party status.
	4). Discussion of "Class"--classless society vs "protecting the  
middle class."

Can you share all this with the Liberty Union Google Groups?


Thank you and looking forward to seeing you next month, hopefully,
Murray






