Was President Abraham Lincoln a Socialist?

"Inasmuch as most things are produced by Labor, it follows that all such
things of right belong to those whose labor produced them.  But it has so
happened, in all ages of the world, that some have labored, and others have
without labor enjoyed a large proportion of the fruits.  This is wrong and
should not continue.  To secure to each laborer the whole product of his
labor, or as nearly as possible, is a worthy object of any good government."
Abraham Lincoln

No. 1 of Liberty Union Party Platform for more than 30 years:
"Government ought to move in the direction of assuring that the wealth and
resources of the world will be used to provide a materially secure life for
all, including socialized health care, simultaneously preserving the planet
and its resources for future generations.

Why the Turtle?
One reason for Liberty Union's survival is its rules which differ
significantly from the rules of other parties.  The LUP rules are intended
to prevent factionalism and competition for internal power.  We cast off
most of Roberts' Rules.  We retained the "motion to call the question."
 The vote on the question is delayed 60 seconds to allow anyone who wants
to speak on the question being considered the opportunity to resume the
discussion.  Resumption of the discussion automatically defeats the motion
to call the question.  We have also discarded secret voting, meaning that
all party decisions, not only of party policy, procedure, and platform, but
also nominations for public or party office, are made in the fresh air.

The openness of the voting does not lend itself to faction building, and
the rule that allows any Vermont resident present at the meeting to equally
share the responsibility of decision making with those who are formally
elected members, prevents the formation of hierarchical structures and
fosters direct democracy.

The fact that there is no age restriction on voting in LU is in keeping
with its democratic principles.

These rules except as they apply to nominations may keep LUP moving at a
very slow pace.  While the capitalist parties have their elephant and jack
asses as mascots, the LUP has a unicorn-horned turtle, borrowed in part
from John Carrol's short story, The Turtle and the Bird, published in the
VT Country Journal.

Peter Diamondstone
